all right you have $1,300 to spend on an
Android slab phone in
2024 why would you get any other
phone no seriously why would you get any
other phone this s24 Ultra has taken the
best things from every other Ultra
highend phone and stuff them into one
place so anything that you could
possibly value it has pushed to the Max
and there's just multiple cherries on
top just sprinkled all over the place
this phone sets the tone for 2024
[Music]
so the formula for Samsung's Ultra
phones has evolved a little bit over the
years at first it was just the most
numbers the biggest megapixel count the
most zoom and all that then it added the
S Pen and got a little more refined and
it replace the note now it's just
everything it's just everything in one
place it's all the best Hardware all the
best software I can think of all in one
phone so on the outside like I said my
early Impressions this phone looks
almost the same as last year's phone but
if you think this phone is almost the
same as last year's phone turns out
you're missing a lot so the more you use
this phone the more you look for
weaknesses the more impressive it gets
so maybe what you're a you're a screen
snob right you like to pixel peep maybe
you were thinking about getting one of
the ultra high-end Oppo or xiaomi phones
just for an amazing screen all right
well look no further literally one of
the best screens in any phone s24 Ultra
has dropped in a class leading 6.8 in
Quad HD AMOLED display and it is awesome
these Ultra phones have had you know 120
HZ ltpo for a while and they've been
this really sharp Quad HD for a while
now too but now on top of that two new
things one is it's completely flat and
two is it's much brighter so there's
been this whole new batch of like 2,500
plus knit phones in the past couple
months that I've seen this I think is
the best looking one that I've seen so
far so now it's up to a Max 2,600 nits
which is awesome Outdoors or anywhere
but it also gets extremely dim at night
too without any of the weird banding
I've seen in some other phones and they
flattened the display completely and
brought the display right up to the very
Corners with some of the thinnest bezels
we've seen all the way around plus
there's also this new anti-reflective
coating on this gorilla glass armor that
makes a noticeable difference with
certain light hitting it at off axis
angles and then there is a crazy fast
ultrasonic fingerprint reader under
underneath to top it all off and you
know maybe I wish the touch Target was a
little bit bigger but that's about it
honestly if you're a screen snob it
doesn't really get better than this one
right here this is the phone you should
get okay so what if your primary concern
is battery life well you could always
get the Energizer phone that we saw at
CES at one time but as far as reasonably
sized Flagship slab phones go it doesn't
get much better than this again they're
keeping a 5,000 mAh battery in one of
the best performing battery phones from
the past few years despite making it
thinner and keeping the S Pen so you
might as well get this one still got 45
watt wired charging you still have 25
watt wireless charging and just battery
LifeWise I was able to have long days
with no problems with six hours plus the
screen on time I was able to baby it
into getting two full days that's at
1440p at 120 htz and with high
brightness use so yeah why why get
anything else so okay what if then it's
just performance is the main thing that
you care about
okay so we're seeing all these phones
with a Snapdragon 8 gen 3 starting to
come out and they're looking really good
great high-end performance there's
efficiency games all over the place plus
this phone pairs it with 12 gigs of RAM
and it is a multitasking champ and if
it's a stylus you're into I already know
you weren't really considering any other
phone the SP pen is basically the only
high-end stylus still going in slab
smartphones it's really good for not
taking drawing highlighting all that
stuff but if you're like me and you
hardly ever use that there's still the
gaming performance performance and the
everyday performance there's the newly
added Ray tracing plus a 90% larger
Vapor chamber to cool the phone for much
longer stuff turns out it's an A+ now
you could always get a gaming phone and
squeeze 5 to 10% more frames out of a
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 with some huge badass
cooling setup and that's great but then
you also have to accept all of the
sacrifices that come with said gaming
phone over this and do you really want
those extra frames that
bad depends on who you ask okay cameras
there's a lot of other phones out there
that you could buy if your, 1300 bucks
specifically has to go to the best
cameras you know the pixel just won the
blind camera test Sony has the best
manual mode like there's other great
camera systems but here's a way to
simplify it I think in evaluating
smartphone cameras there's basically two
ways to review them there's the utility
the actual technical evaluation and the
Aesthetics the art of it the
subjectivity part and I think
utilitywise like on paper specs wise
this this camera's got it all like
you've seen this camera array before
there's four cameras on the back of this
phone turns out they're basically the
same cameras as last year's s23 Ultra
except for one so there's a primary
camera an ultrawide and a pair of two
different telephoto cameras the primary
camera is still the ridiculous 200
megapixel sensor with all the same pros
and cons it's consistent and versatile
across the board it has great dynamic
range it's a quick shooter with quick
autofocus and it's also always binning
down to 12 megapixels and you should
almost never switch it to the 200
megapixel mode unless you have
incredible lighting it has an ultra wide
with a bit of distortion near the edges
but it's actually meaningfully wider
than the primary camera so it's really
fun to shoot with even though the
automatic macro mode from it looks like
trash and you should just turn it off
anytime it turns your pictures from this
to this Pro tip and then it has a medium
range 3x telephoto camera that kicks in
smooth smooth L and matches the colors
and exposure from the main camera really
well and so the one new thing in
Hardware this year is they've gone from
a 10 megapixel 10x camera to a 50
megapixel 5x camera so technically
shorter optical zoom range but I would
say with the extra resolution it is
actually more powerful it means all the
photos in the gap between 5x and 10x
look sharper than last year and then you
can literally put the 10x photos side by
side from the s23 ultra and the s24
Ultra and the new 5x cropped in actually
looks better plus you can still Zoom all
the way in and shoot at 100x if you
still want to take Ultra stable pictures
of Far Away objects like the moon but
basically what I'm saying is utilitywise
this camera system checks every single
box it has everything so from there you
get into the more subjective aesthetic
differences which you could always lean
one way or the other I think I mean
looking at these photos they are still
very much Samsung's slightly extra
process looking a little bit extra
contrasty a little bit higher exposure a
little brighter colors that still
happens with these photos so you could
still convince yourself to lean pixel or
even iPhone but if you just want to be
able to check every single box why look
anywhere else honestly the changes that
you notice more aside from the actual
camera quality are just like features
using it like the s24 ultra shoots
everything HDR by default now it's
actually in Google's new Ultra HDR
format so when you have you know
specular highlights or big dynamic range
differences in a photo it will
Tastefully crank up that stuff for a
more dramatic looking picture on the
phone screen similar to what pixel and
iPhone already do and this passes
through all the way from capturing the
photo to viewing it in the gallery and
then one more step to actually
publishing it on social media so Samsung
has worked with Instagram and Snapchat
for Native quality photo and video
uploading pipelines because at the end
of the day once you take the photo what
are you 99% of the time planning to do
with it share it and I think this is
this is important for a lot of people
this is one of the reasons I have
carried an iPhone for years is one of
the things you can always count on is
the photos and videos in third party
apps are going to look just as good as
if they were captured in the main camera
and now you can actually say that that
is true now about photos and videos from
this phone at least in Instagram and
Snapchat all right maybe your a software
person maybe the top of your list when
buying a new smartphone is you want the
smartest smartphone it's got to have all
the software and AI features and
honestly it should have a nice long road
map ahead of it of ontime software
updates sounds like I'm describing a
pixel but turns out this phone now has a
ton a ton of helpful AI features built
in that are actually good they make a
meaningful difference to Everyday Use
now the funny part about a lot of this
is a lot of these features are made in
partnership with Google as you'll see
and I can't help but keep thinking like
it feels like Samsung needs Google to
have all of these features in their
phone to compete especially against the
iPhone but then Google Now their own
phones are a little bit less competitive
but it's probably worth the trade-off
because now technically they're helping
to compete against the iPhone it's this
weird like thing where they need each
other I I think it's fascinating and
probably worth its own separate video
maybe let me know with a comment or by
subscribing
if you'd be down to see that but that's
all the background all this so we were
just talking about photos a second ago
the second you're done taking a photo
and opening it up in Samsung's Gallery
app there's a ton of useful AI driven
stuff that you can do with it and it's
kind of all based on what sort of scene
it autod detects that you've taken so
lots of photos just end up with a
remaster button where you click it and
then it can add some contrast and
brighten things up a little bit as
needed and gives you a solid before and
after but if your photo has some glass
or a window it'll show you an erase
reflection button and then you can
literally go in and circle the
reflections you want to get rid of and
it'll generative fill what should
actually be in the glass and it works
pretty well now with this photo I didn't
take it in portrait mode but it's
recognized that there's a subject and so
it'll offer to add background blur and
even without a bunch of extra depth
information it analyzes the subject and
it lets me add a little bit or a lot of
background blur with a pretty damn good
cutout if you ask me to just create a
portrait mode shot out of thin air but
if you ever really really want to go
crazy there's a whole separate magic
editor that feels exactly like what we
just got with the pixel minus any
restrictions it's never told me it can't
do something so you open any photo hit
that edit button and then there's this
little blue green button with the Stars
that's Samsung's new magic editor and
once you're here you can just go nuts
you can move the subject around a photo
and have a generative fill in the
background or you can have it remove
things entirely from the foreground or
the background of a photo like Photo
bombers or just unnecessary random
objects I actually found this super
useful but probably actually my favorite
one underrated you know how normally
when you need to tilt a photo like fix
the Horizon you end up cropping in and
losing some of the outside of the photo
you can still do that but with this
magic editor you can open it up and tilt
The Horizon to whatever angle you want
and instead of cropping it will
literally generative fill in the
outsides of the photo which works very
well because usually the outside of the
photo is the least important part of the
photo you can get away with generative
fill and by the way literally all the
stuff works with photos you download to
the phone too not just photos you've
taken on the camera but photos you just
get wherever just like the pixel now I
also find it hilarious that if you use
the magic Editor to alter a photo on
this phone it'll add a little Watermark
to the bottom corner with this little
stars so that you know that this photo
was AI manipulated which is good that's
a good responsible thing to do
especially if you're going to upload
this to social media but then you can
also immediately erase that watermark
with a built-in object removal tool in
Samsung's photo editor app there's nice
little section in the settings where
Samsung's tucked all of the AI features
of this phone it's called advanced
intelligence instead of artificial
intelligence still AI though uh that's
where you get stuff like the live phone
call translation feature or the new
voice recorder app getting much improved
speaker labels and summaries and
transcriptions the Samsung browser will
now do uh summaries of web pages this
might all sound very familiar but the
best new one in my opinion is circle to
search now Google Lens
has been around for a long time in my
opinion one of Google's most underrated
products so people might have already
known that you could basically do this
already but it would take several steps
Circle to search just makes it one step
and it's much faster it's pretty awesome
you literally just hold down on the home
button or the gesture bar at the bottom
and then Circle or tap whatever on your
screen that you want to Google search
and it just immediately Googles over the
top of whatever you were doing without
leaving that app and it's so useful just
even during the week I've been using
this phone I've searched pictures parts
of pictures before it almost always
works just like uploading it to Google
Lens I've searched objects right in
front of me through the camera
viewfinder I've searched random
landmarks you can also search text and
you can even append text to your search
and I was just constantly impressed by
how fast it is and it basically works as
expected every single time the one
fidgety part is sometimes selecting text
to gets a little weird using the Spen
can solve that a little bit to just get
a more precise selection but yeah once
you do do it it's much faster than if
you're going to use Google Lens having
to like take a screenshot and then
upload it through lens and then maybe
have to crop it and the whole thing this
is just fast now real ogs will know that
there used to be a feature on pixels
called now on tap it was like the same
exact thing hold the home button and it
would just Google whatever was on your
screen and help you out but that was
everything on your screen and they kind
of ended up wrapping that into Google
Assistant this is just so much faster
and more selective also pixels are going
to get this feature very soon as well
but then bonus points if you really love
software Samsung is now promising 7
years of security updates and seven
generations of major software updates on
this phone on this s24 lineup I assume
seven generations of software updates is
basically 7even years that means this
phone will be up to date in
2031 loving that so we know the common
wisdom was that if you wanted four five
six plus years of software updates or if
you want every single little software
and AI feature you basically had to go
iPhone or pixel but now that this phone
also has that why get anything else but
speaking of the iPhone they're going at
them too now I know I said in the
beginning of this video $1,300 slab
Android phone so I know the iPhone 15
Pro Max was never really on the table
but if we're being honest Samsung has
never been shy about competing directly
against the iPhone so why not take some
of the best stuff from there too they
weren't being subtle about it so they've
got this shiny brand new titanium color
with titanium rails on the s24 ultra
just like the iPhone they have flattened
the screen and the sides and made box
your Corners all the way through the
lineup just like the iPhone they have
moved to a Max 5x telephoto lens like I
talked about earlier also just like the
iPhone they also have this new always on
display that doesn't just show the time
but shows your whole wallpaper now kind
of like it's half awake just like the
iPhone thankfully you can also turn that
off and save some battery just like the
iPhone you can so now long press to
select an object in a photo that
automatically cuts it out and makes it a
sticker you can use in other apps just
like the iPhone and there's even these
new lock screen widgets now that look
exactly like the iPhones like like copy
my homework but don't even worry if they
know you copied it these two are going
to keep copying each other till the end
of time none of this is a surprise it's
just at the end of the day we are
technically winning because they're
making each other a little bit better
bit by bit but at the end of the day s24
Ultra
I really do feel like feels it feels
like Peak slab phone there's also a
whole bunch of stuff I didn't even
really mention with this phone the
haptics are really nice I didn't even
get to that there's AI generated
wallpapers a whole section for them if
you're into that and it's nice that the
AI stuff is mostly kind of tucked away
in ways where you don't ever have to use
it if you don't want to but if you
notice it and it's helpful to you bam
turn it on could be your favorite
feature really the only things that I
miss from the pixel specifically are
call screening and and now playing so
really the best argument not to buy this
$1,300 phone is the fact that it's a
$1,300 phone and the truth is you can
get 98% of the phone for much less money
you can see it in Samsung's own lineup
Samsung's own s24 plus has a 4,900 mAh
battery instead of 5,000 it has a 6.7 in
display instead of 6.8 and it drops the
Spen and one of the telephoto cameras
for
$300 off and you know you get uh the
regular s24 again for much less money
with almost as much phone so you don't
have to spend 1,300 bucks on a phone but
if you are going to and you put the word
Ultra in the name and you stuff as much
stuff in one phone as you possibly can
this is the one that you should get this
has all the things it's reliable it's
fast it does everything it checks all
the
boxes this phone's great kind of feels
like an ad when I just say all these
positive things about the phone but it's
not until right now this video is
sponsored by Ridge the ridge wallet is
Iconic at this point it's a minimalist
modern wallet it's like the opposite of
those old school wallets it's got the
patented dual track design that expands
to hold one to 12 cards while being as
Slim as possible and at this point
there's like 30 plus different colors
and styles including carbon fiber burnt
titanium and forged Ember this one is
the forged Ember so it's got these
little red flexs in it which look cool
you can also get accessories for it so
if you want to carry cash you might want
the money clip or this one has the cash
strap or if you want the air tag holder
you can get one that holds an air tag to
it so you never lose your wallet and on
top of all that if you get one and you
don't like it you can return it within
99 days no questions asked so if you
want to grab one you can get 10% off
using Code MKBHD or go to ridge.com
MKBHD tell them I sent you either way
that's been it for the
s24 ultra thanks for watching catch you
guys in the next one peace